So in the implementation, we can write a function
get middle node by passing the head of the linked list
And we need to declare a temporary variable pointing to head.
And we need to check if the linked list is
empty.
So write if temp not equal to null.
And we should find the length by counting the number
of nodes. So we can simply traverse the linked list
by incrementing a count variable
This will be done by the function
getLength and length will be returned.
So now we have the length in variable length
So middle node will be the node at position length
divided by two. So we can traverse the list till
we reach length by two.
And then we can print that node. So write
for i equal to zero, i less than length by two, i++
and in each iteration, move to the next node
So write temp equal to temp next
After the loop exhuast, temp will be pointing
to the middle node. So print it and if temp is equal
to null, that is if linked list is empty then we should return -1.